---
layout: post
title: How to fix CORS issues, revisited
date: 2015-01-14
categories: Tutorials
---
A few months ago I wrote about [how to fix CORS problems]({% post_url 2014-11-20-how-to-fix-cors-problems-and-no-access-control-allow-origin-header-errors-with-ionic %}) when using Ionic. I recently discovered a relatively new CLI feature for Ionic that makes it even easier to handle CORS issues while you develop locally. Do note, this feature only works with `ionic serve` so you will still need to handle CORS differently for production.

<!--more-->

While working on the example for chapter 6, I started to use a RESTful API that did not support CORS. Here's how to use the new Ionic CLI proxy feature.

### Define your proxy in ionic.project

Open up your ionic.project file, which is generated by the Ionic CLI when you start a project. It is just a JSON string, and we need to add a new property to enable proxies.

{% highlight json linenos %}
{
  "name": "app",
  "app_id": "",
  "proxies": [{
    "path": "/api/forecast",
    "proxyUrl": "https://api.forecast.io/forecast/APIKEY/"
  }]
}
{% endhighlight %}

The `proxies` property accepts an array of objects, so you can create multiple proxies. Each object should have a `path` and `proxyUrl`, where `path` is the localhost url to call and `proxyUrl` is the real URL to call.

Now when you want to use this proxy, you can do so by calling the `path` instead of the original URL.

{% highlight javascript linenos %}
$http.get('/api/forecast/').success(function (forecast) {
  $scope.forecast = forecast;
});
{% endhighlight %}

Now you don't need to setup your own proxy server, you can just use the Ionic CLI!
